A residual in forecasting is the
difference between an observed value and
the forecasted value.
A good time series forecasting
model showed two properties, first,
the residuals in the models
are uncorrelated.
Plotting a residuals in an ACF plot
will allow us to see if we have used
all of the information in
the time series for our model.
There are auto correlations
in the residuals, and
there's information left that should be
use in tweaking our model construction.
For example, in this plot,
we can see that almost all of the lags
do not have a significant correlation.
This next plot, we can see that many of
the lags are still strongly correlated.
We would want to add term to our
model to help adjust for this.
Second, the residuals should have a 0
mean or at least close to a 0 mean.
If the residuals have a mean other
than 0, then the forecasts are biased.
Adjusting for bias is easy.
If the residuals have a mean other than
close to 0, then simply add the mean to
all the forecasts and
the bias problem is solved.
Forecast models resulting in
residuals that do not contain these
characteristics have room for
improvement.
Adding additional terms to our ETS or
Arima Model may alleviate this issue.
After plotting the residuals
around our bookings Arima Model.
We can see that we have done well
to capture any patterns within
the time series.
There is only a small amount of
correlation in the ACF at Lag 17,
suggesting there may be room for
improvement but
attempting to correct such a small
correlation will not make much
difference in the forecasted results